First of all, let us see how to create this lookup object.
We have a very simple pattern for that, MethodHandles.lookup.
This is a factory method that will just return this lookup object.
This lookup object carries all the security information,
and it has two consequences.
The first one is that if you have different threads
running in your application with different security roles
with different security context,
this lookup object will be different for each thread.
And since it carries all the security information that will not be
checked again for all the rest of your processings.
You should be aware that this lookup object should not
be shared with some untrusted code.
If you share it,
this untrusted code will be able to access your objects using
Reflection with the security of somebody else. And of course, you want to avoid that.